## 1. Introduction

Welcome to Regen Network Development, Inc.

Regen Network Development, Inc. (“RND”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) operates https://www.regen.network (hereinafter referred to as Service). At RND, we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we may collect, how we may use this information and when (under certain circumstances) we may disclose this information. This Privacy Policy also details the steps we have taken to secure your personal information. By visiting our Site, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the content on, or privacy practices of, any non-RND web site to which this Site links or that links to this Site. 
 
Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to https://www.regen.network, and explains how we collect, protect and disclose information that results from your use of our Service. 
 
We use your data to provide and improve Service. By using Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
 
Our Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) govern all use of our Service and together with the Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement with us (“agreement”).

## 2. Definitions

SERVICE means the website https://www.regen.network operated by Regen Network Development, Inc.

USER DATA means data about a living individual or organization who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
USAGE DATA is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
COOKIES are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
DATA CONTROLLER means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any User Data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
DATA SUBJECT is any living individual who is the subject of User Data.
THE USER is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of User Data.

REGEN LEDGER is a decentralized data persistence layer that RND leverages to track the issuance, transfer and sale of ecosystem service credits.
REGEN REGISTRY is an ecosystem service credit marketplace operated by RND.
